a greater understanding about loss, a greater understanding so that you can adapt to those conditions.
Every time I sit with someone, and they start complaining about their life,
and I let them go for a few minutes, and then I go, "Oh ..."
You know what I say to them?
"You only complain about your life when it's not working, and the emotion that you're feeling right now is keeping you connected to the past.
You never do this when your life is working."
So I don't have a problem
with moving though the stages of emotions,
but I also know that what a person really wants more than anything else is to be free.
People want to be free, and I have witnessed transformation on every culture, on every skin color, every shape, every size, every age.
I've witnessed it.
The same radiance that takes place in a person's face, a light behind their eyes,
a different physical presentation of their face is eminent.
It's real.
That person has worked to overcome themselves.
So it's not that we shouldn't feel emotions.
We should feel those emotions and feel them completely, and like a child, get over it though, and just let it out and then go.
When we witness people analyzing their life within some disturbing emotion on the brain scans,
over and over again we saw their brain getting worse, just worse.
I would go, "Excuse me, Hector, what the hell were you doing in there?"
"Oh, I was just caught up with my ex and the kids."
"Well, I want you to know that that's making your brain worse."
So then, when they start reasoning that,
and they understand I'm not going to give them the answer to their problems,
because when a person is suffering, what are they looking for?
They're looking for me to take them out of their suffering.
I can give them the answer,
the correct answer to their problems, and they will argue against me.
They will argue the entire time.
"No, but ... No, but ... No, but ..."
Well, I just say, "Take the ride with me. Give me four days. Give me five days, cross the river.
Get beyond yourself and get beyond that emotion."
The memory without the emotional charge is wisdom,
and that's the name of the game.
Because the soul can't go to the future, can't create a new adventure, can't journey back to source if you're living by some emotion that's keeping you in the past.
