Exciting unboxing I'm already freaking out. I think this is the original tape. This is the iBook
So this is the clamshell one and this was shipped
September
26 year 2000 so it's an 18 year old piece of tech, but still unopened
I don't know what happens when you ship something like this does the battery corrode? I don't know what happens
Maybe it's gonna be perfectly fine. This tape has never been
Touched this is great. Where did you get this this?
uh
I have a friend at red who?
Used to work at a company a long time ago had a bunch of tech from there
Apparently had a room with a bunch of these in it you said hey, do you want one I said yes, here it is
I can't believe this you, okay,  are you 100% sure I mean are you SURE, yes
Here are the specs , cause that's Maybe the best part 300 megahertz
PowerPC GT processor half a megabyte of cache on that chip 64 megabytes of storage
six
gigabyte hard disk, aww that's so cute
So Oh, so 64 Meg's of RAM Wow about six gigs of hard drive. Had a cd-rom drive. Do you remember that?
I do I do it wasn't even that long ago optional wireless airport card
I wonder if this has it optional Wi-Fi
But it has a built-in Ethernet Jack six hour battery quick and easy internet access includes 30 day free internet access
Microsoft Internet Explorer Oh
Outlook Express and Netscape communicator. Do you remember?
Netscape communicator that's something I don't remember Oh Mac OS pre-installed. That's really considerate. That's good
Here we go, I don't know if I want it
I do want to i'll cut half of it then you cut the other half
Okay, we have a power strip in case you want to plug it in, cause I have a feeling It's not still charged. You think? I don't think.
Okay I cut half , there you go.
Lets finish the job
My heart. seals broken, seals broken
I Can't believe what's happening right now. Cause, this is this is monumental. This is 18 years. Oh, it's upside down, oh okay ya. That's okay , alright.
Mean this box is in a really good condition. Yes, surprisingly not yellow
So this in a 2000 the whole thing comes up. I think I got my first
Geez whoa wait, is it a tangerine one?
Must be I'm so confused. Why is there a box inside of the box? Oh, no, it's not. What's this?
This is the accessories probably the charger. Yes all that fun stuff
why, why is that in tangerine?
I dont know, That's Weird.
Well all right. Should we just... getting further. This is crazy. Look at this
This doesn't really look like a very Apple way to pack things show that like this, kinda like...
You're curious what stuff shipped like? Oh don't drop it
That would be something I would do
Doesn't look very Apple-ish.
That's okay we'll just, Ill hold the box now.
Tadaa, its so beautiful.
I Never had one of these ,this remind you of Mickey Mouse at all?
Kinda reminds of lil android
oh ya
This looks beautiful
I have been researching actually because I've wanted to get all of the colors to find one of these that has never been opened before, that's pretty crazy.
How many colors were there cuz I see tangerine here. There's tangerine blueberry. Yeah, graphite indigo and key lime
The key lime was the online exclusive
This is still sealed too. The use of the materials in closed media as subject to terms presented for acceptance during the installation of any
Printed blah blah blah blah by opening this you agree to all such printed terms. We agree. Where's the knife? Let's do it
Alright, I don't even get it
Like this is a weird color, it's just I feel like this just doesn't look like a good design. In 2018
It doesn't but I brought this back to the year 2000. I think we might think other wow, that's the mouse.
WOW
I think
That's not the power there is no no. Oh, it's a laptop. There's no mouse No, that's right. This is the power. This is power...
What?
Look at this
Oh that's a little sticky. I am now thinking back to like what it was like when these
It's like I mean the iMac really changed everything iMac is one of those
machines that I remember
Basically when I was in I think it was like fifth grade
Where the teacher had one in the back of the class and if you were a good kid
You got to use it sometimes play some
Solitaire or whatever you were into. Oh
This is still sealed
Oh I didn't want to rip it, but I ripped it so
How many new people are out there they'd have rooms of things that they don't have
opened a room of
Yeah, just this is a great color
Speaking of, We were just talking about colored gadgets and coloured iPhone's on the other video. This is nice
This is better-looking in person than in the photo. This is actually really much better looking
we did an ask video on your channel, and we're talking about iPhone colors
And what's crazy is they had all of these color choices and these are computers. They don't phones
These were extremely expensive devices.What happened to you Apple? These are nice. You should bring this back. This is a different blue than this
Oh and it has this when you open it like new laptops when you open them to have the little thing on the screen
I'm almost I'm pumped to see the screen because this is 18 year old display
Okay, I mean all of the ones that I've seen on eBay like it's all discolored they have a lot of cracking
Oh, that's cracked. That is cracked
But it's got a handle it does have a handle what a great idea
This is so early in the days of laptops that you had to make sure people knew that they could bring it places
Yeah
so the first laptops had these handles here are like briefcase like almost and this is probably closer to a purse type of thing, but i thnk
Bring it places. If they brought the handle back I would be mad about it.
Well now I got these sleeves, oh the sleeves true this is cracked see
That was a very common problem actually
so thats
This is in such incredible condition, like I'm going to... I'm Going to pass out.
there's a lot of really interesting aesthetic things about this computer ,the keys
You can sort of see through the keyboard to see the switches
It's an apple keyboard for sure. It's kinda nice. Yeah, nice
Every key is concave and then I was looking for speakers. I don't think there's any up here
It's just this single circle all the ports
There's a headphone some ports never die, that's true except apparently until 2018, but you got to have fun
With it dying. Yeah, at first I was kind of mad
But I got my first phone with no headphone and I was just kind of forced into being okay with it
So I have wireless headphones now. I'm okay. We're okay. It'll be all right, but this is back in the glory days
And then oh, man
Over here we're looking at you have your modem you ever Ethernet and then you have one single full-size USB port?
One like what are you supposed to do with that plug in your mouse?
Technically today's laptops are throwback. That's true. And then this is your speaker output
So you have a headphone jack on once we know that's the power. Oh, I thought that folks. That's easy. That's the headphone jack
There's no mic input. That's the power cable. What is
This I actually really like this. Yeah, he wasn't aware that that's how the power cable worked
It's actually a really cool idea I guess so apples always had a sort of a smart idea as far as power cables
MagSafe was one of my favorites ever I
Really miss it. All right? I'm reckless. Oh and it's just plugs into the top
Trying to boot it before plugging in there's no way I mean if this has battery then I
Break it and it just goes really really far back. Well plugged in you Justine are pressing the power button
Looks like an air pod. It's no MagSafe, but
It lit up a
little green glowing
Circle I think that means it's time to press the button. I don't you I don't know about you, but I'm ready. Okay?
hard drives this
Mac os9 holy moly. You can see in its Bryton everything. Oh
Oh my god
oh and also feel the this the click eNOS is kind of
Cuz I went like this like expecting it to click is not the worst touch trackpad, obviously
Oh my gosh, all the plugins the control panel. Holy crap. I'm losing my freaking mind
It doesn't seem to have any problems at all. No, just me turn it off
No, no in dark. The mouse is still here
I think it's playing like a little like the the intro welcome to your computer for the first time ever. Oh wow
get hyped I
Just wanna see you freak out one day. What is going on about something? Oh, this is the first boot like welcome Cassie
