Hey there, it's Marie Forleo and you are watching
MarieTV, the place to be to create a business
and life you love.
Now, if you look closely, things may look
a little different around here.
If you look in the back, there's my flowers
on some wooden boxes, I don't have my normal
stool, we got a little Dayquil in the house,
what what?
So here's what's happening.
I got a really bad cold.
We have a shoot day today from MarieTV, we
shoot a lot of episodes at once and when we
got here, everything's set up but the furniture
did not get delivered.
I'm sure you've had things in your life where
things do not work out as planned and how
do we roll?
The show must go on, so we're going to get
into a little Q&A Tuesday action right now.
This is going to be funny because my head's
a little foggy from the Dayquil but we're
going to have a good time.
Let's do this.
Today's question comes from Vanessa, and she
writes:
"Hi, Marie, thanks for all you do, here is
my deal.
I was with someone for the last 10 years,
we were engaged, he was the provider, I was
pursuing acting and we had goals set up for
our future.
We grew distance and long story short, he
broke up with me a month ago.
I'm starting my whole life over at 32 and
feel lost.
I'm unmotivated, broke and terrified about
my future.
Will I be alone?
Will I be too old to start a family?
I'm trying and failing at being positive and
having any kind of faith.
How do I feel all these things and still move
forward?
I've accepted I'm going to be in pain, but
how do I work and keep from being constantly
consumed by this?
Thanks -- Vanessa."
Vanessa, this is such a great question.
I am so happy that you wrote in.
I don't know any person on the planet who
can't remember a time in their own life when
they felt shattered and lost.
In fact, when I was in my early 20s and I
broke off my engagement, I was such a mess
that I moved home with my parents because
I was completely devastated and I didn't know
what to do.
I felt like a total failure both as a life
coach and in my relationships.
However, there were a few things that I did
that helped me climb out of that misery.
The one thing I did right was I kept my bartending
job.
It was stable and it was something that I
could just go to.
I remember if my girlfriends called, even
if I didn't want to go out, I just went out.
I made it my focus to just do one thing at
a time and really do just what was in front
of me.
Maybe you don't have a bartending job to go
to, however, here are four key ideas that
can help you start over and get past anything.
Number one -- everything happens for a reason.
This may sound like fluff, but it's a really
useful framework for life.
You've got to remember that nothing has meaning
besides the meaning that you give it and it's
up to you whether you choose to assign an
empowering or disempowering meaning to this
experience.
If you go through life knowing that every
problem is serving a greater purpose, somehow
it's making you stronger and smarter, you're
going to look for and find an empowering lesson
in every situation.
Someday you're going to say "if so-and-so
didn't break up with me, I wouldn't have ____,"
and that blank is going to be a beautiful
surprise that you couldn't possibly predict
right now.
Key idea number two -- pain is inevitable,
suffering is optional.
Vanessa, you wrote here "I've accepted that
I'm going to be in pain."
When you say that, it's as though the pain
is constant and it's going to last forever.
Here's something I want you to know: nothing
lasts forever including pain.
Pain only lasts if you resist it or if you
dramatize it by telling yourself the same
old "I'm a victim" story again and again and
again.
Remember, pain is inevitable but suffering
is optional.
What you need to practice is allowing yourself
to actually feel the pain, to experience it
in your body without going into a mental drama
about what it means.
What I mean by mental drama is getting lost
in thoughts like "why did this happen to me"
or "will I be too old to start a family" or
yada, yada, yada.
All that stuff is a story that you're telling
yourself that's not actually true and if you
just experience the physical pain of it without
going into the mental drama, it'll be over
before you know it.
so, go ahead and feel the pain, maybe the
sensations in your body is like a tightness
in your chest or a heaviness in your belly,
but remember, if you actually experience the
physical sensations, the pain is never going
to last more than it a few seconds.
Key idea number three -- make is-ness your
business.
Vanessa, a lot of what's holding you back
right now is anxiety about the future or regrets
about the past and if you really break it
down, the future and the past are just mental
concepts.
They don't really exist.
The only thing that exists right now is this
current moment; the present moment of now.
The trick to getting yourself back on track
is to become a master at living in the moment
because the truth is you are capable of handling
anything that happens in this current moment
of now.
I call this practice "making is-ness your
business."
in fact, I wrote a whole chapter on it in
my book Making Every Man Want You.
Making is-ness your business means giving
your full attention and focus to this moment,
whatever is happening right now.
You've got to ask yourself: can I handle what's
actually happening in this moment of now?
Not your drama filled thoughts about what's
happening, but the reality of what's happening
in this moment.
For example, is your heart beating right now?
Yes.
Perfect.
Are you breathing right now?
Yes.
Awesome.
Then you've handled this moment.
Now that moment is over and you're in a new
moment.
Play this game long enough and you'll condition
yourself to be engaged in your real life instead
of your thoughts about your life.
Number four -- do the basics one day at a
time.
The key to build momentum and getting back
on track is to take everything one day at
a time.
There's a reason that it's a theme song and
it's a cliché; it works.
Here's what you got to do: you got to eat
real good food today.
Exercise your body today.
Do what needs to be done today.
Not for the whole week, not for the month,
not for the rest of your life; just do it
today, especially if you don't feel like doing
something, do it anyway.
I'm sure you've experienced this.
you say you don't want to go to the gym but
you get yourself there and you work out and
you're like "oh my god, I'm so glad that I
came," or your friends ask you to go out and
you really don't want to go out but you suit
up and you go out anyway and then you come
home and you're like "oh my god, that was
so awesome, I'm so glad I went."
Focus on the basics one day at a time and
before you know it, you are going to be back
on track.
Before we wrap this up, I want to leave you
with a beautiful tweetable from Mary Tyler
Moore and she says:
"Pain nourishes courage.
You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful
things happen to you."
Vanessa, that was my A to your Q. thank you
so much for asking and do let us know how
it goes.
Now I would love to hear from you.
Have you ever felt shattered and lost and
had trouble getting started again?
What did you do to get back on track?
Whether it's an idea from this video or something
completely different, I would love to hear
from you.
As always, the best action happens over in
the comments section at Marieforleo.com so
go there and leave a comment now.
So did you like this video where our set is
half created and I'm all hyped up on cold
medicine?
If so, subscribe to our channel and share
it with your friends, and if you want even
more great resources to have a business in
life that you love plus some personal insights
from me that I only talk about in e-mail,
and if you're lucky, I'll have even more cold
medicine, get your butt over to MarieForleo.com
and sign up for e-mail updates.
Stay on your game and keep going for your
dreams.
The world needs that special gift that only
you have.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see
you next 
time on MarieTV.
