Everybody I've ever heard talk about you,
and some of them are people that I know, everyone
says you just exude ... What you put on for
the camera is you.
That’s really how you are.
There's a warmth to it, there's a sense of
love and appreciation.
How do you systematize that?
How do you make sure that it pervades your
company when you're not there?
John Paul D.: We let all the companies know
what we do and why we do it.
We have a culture.
I'll give you an example.
We have, oh, God, almost 120 Paul Mitchell
Schools throughout the United States, cosmetology
schools.
Every one of them has to be involved in our
culture.
We do learn to be a great hairdresser, a stylist,
great colorist, but you have to be part of
the culture.
They raise money.
Every school we have has to raise money every
year.
Part of that money goes to the local community,
part to the nation, and part to the world.
They learn in school while it's good to give
and help others out.
They also learn what our principles are.
Now we started at John Paul Mitchell Systems
a very unique position.
The lady that’s running it, her name is
Mara Gourdine.
She is our ambassador of corporate culture.
What she does is goes around to our whole
company, makes sure everybody is reminded
of our culture, what we do.
All new people must go through indoctrination
on what our culture is all about.
Then recently ... because we do so much stuff
that people don’t know about ... we started
a magazine over the Internet that goes to
our whole universe and their universes that
shows what we do as a company to share and
change the entire world.
Everyone connected with us is part of that,
whether it's buying a new Coast Guard Cutter
for the Sea Shepherd to protect whales in
the open seas, whether it's taking care of
7000 orphans in Africa whose parents have
died of AIDS, whether it's redoing Appalachia,
whether its here in Los Angeles, Chrysalis,
getting homeless back to work.
They're all part of it, all the things we're
doing in this country, so they all feel like
they're part of it.
When you're part of something really big and
people take care of you and love you and you
know something went wrong, you can immediately
get ahold of the founder, cofounder of the
company, me, and talk to me directly.
I live mainly in Austin, Texas, but if I'm
traveling the world, which I do a lot, get
ahold of my executive assistant and say, "We
want to talk to JP privately."
Whether it's Paul Mitchell, John Paul Pet,
ROK, Patron, all companies do exactly the
same thing.
We try to take care of people.
If someone screws up, we remind them, "Hey,
how would you like that if that was you?
You wouldn’t like that."
Something I want to share with your guests
also, if I may.
Tom Bilyeu: [inaudible 00:24:49].
John Paul D.: If any time someone screws up,
don’t ever, ever reprimand them in public.
Always reprimand them behind closed doors,
one-on-one so nobody hears.
If they hear it, they're going to be covert
hostile to you.
They’ll stab you in the back every chance.
It's the opposite for praise.
If someone does something good, praise them
loudly and in front of as many people as you
can, even if it's one person.
It makes them feel good and they were acknowledged
in front of others.
Little things like this helps keep that culture
going.
Tom Bilyeu: Oh, I think those little things
are super crucial.
