John Paul D.: In life, whether it's personal
or people around me, when you see people that
are positive, they're looking at something
good and something bad that took place.
They move along in life faster.
They're better, and people want to be around
these people.
Too often, people gossip.
The one gossip person wants to be around the
other person that gossips, but they don’t
realize when you gossip, you're saying something
you heard about somebody else.
You're telling everybody.
What if part of it was wrong?
You're going to go out and tell every person
you told this, "Ope, I'm sorry.
It was wrong."
Tell everybody you told, it's not going t
happen.
It's things you learn about.
Don’t gossip, don’t belittle people if
you don’t have to.
God, please don’t.
Try and look at the positive angle, what good
could come out of something, and that positiveness
is going to make you live longer, happier,
and wake up in the morning happy, not, "Oh,
my God, I got to go to work.
I can't wait till I get home.
I want to retire," because people who are
not positive are not happy.
What happens when they retire?
They hate their job, they retire, three or
four years later they're dead because they
had nothing to do.
That positive attitude, be around positive
people, encourage positiveness.
If you find yourself walking around just complaining
all the time, around people that complain
a lot, man, move or just try and do something
different.
Change your life being positive and a positive
attitude.
Find something positive and something bad
makes you look for solutions.
When I was down and out, "Okay, hmm.
Oh, pop bottles.
Let's get the pop bottles, cash them in."
Tom Bilyeu: I love that, because until you
said that, I knew that people listening were
thinking, "Well, it's easy for you to be positive.
You're a billionaire," but the fact that you
were positive even when you had to be looking
for the bottles-
John Paul D.: Oh.
yeah.
Tom Bilyeu: ... to recycle, to make those-
John Paul D.: Sure.
Tom Bilyeu: ... 99-cent meals.
That’s incredible.
