the future somebody will be reading it
and that's a pretty hopeful thing.
I'd like to ask what would be
your top five tips for young aspiring writers.
How young?
So, 11 to 18 specifically.
I noticed that each of you have a notebook.
So tip number one: get a
notebook! Write down things that come
into your head that you think you might
find useful later. So that's number one.
Number two: read a lot and read
critically. That is, decide 'I like this,
don't like that, why do I like this, what
qualities do I like about it?' and notice
how the writer is putting the story
together and how they are handling the
language of the story. So writers have
all been begun by being readers and you
will be selecting out from all
the writers that you come across your
patch as it were; your your special
writers that you really like and you
will be learning from them because we
have all learned from other writers.
Number three: pay attention to your
posture because writing is very hard...
keyboarding is hard on the neck
and the back and you don't notice
it so much when you're young  but you
it will catch up to you and it's hard to
write when you're in agonizing pain so
the back exercises, getting enough exercise, walking around.
If you come to a block
and you don't know where to take your
story next there's two good things to do
one of them is go for a walk and the
other one is go to sleep because during
the walk when you're thinking about
something else the answer may very well
come to you and if you give your
unconscious mind... you know, "I have a
problem"... go to sleep
you wake up you may often find the
answer. But the other, the fifth one, is
don't be afraid to throw things out and
by the way when you're writing nobody's
seeing it except you so so don't worry
about what other people might think of
it while you're writing it if you then
decide that this isn't where
you want to go, that this isn't what you
want to put out there, there's the waste
paper basket. You have complete freedom
