why they never do but I'm pretty close
to Bruce Miller and we talked on the
phone quite a bit so I have input but I
don't have final say and when you're
making a series like that there is no
one person...there's no one person who has
total control because when you think of
all the people involved in it for
instance Elisabeth Moss is a producer on
it, so she gets a say. And the
producers get a say, the
directors, the people doing the editing.
You sit in the editing room and they
may have shot a scene maybe five times
and you have to look at each of those
five times and decide which one you like
best and then they choose that one
and then there's there's somebody who
works with color. They're enhancing the
color. So, yeah, it is a multi
person enterprise and any one of
those links might be weak and I think
we've been very lucky we've had an
excellent team
and I'll mention here the designer, whose
name is Anne Crabtree. So the
costumes that you see, the look of
things, that's that's her work and very
painstaking it was for instance she
looked at 50 different shades of red
before choosing that particular red.
Again she looked at all of the shades of
blue and ended up with that sort of
blue-greeny thing. They thought of
every detail for instance in the
commander's house you'll see some
paintings. Each one of those paintings is
in the Boston Museum of Fine Arts.
So if you know that, you know that these
people have stolen the paintings and put
them up in their own house.
And the signatures of the artists on the
paintings are the only things you could
read in that house that isn't in the
commander's  study so of course I asked the obvious question. I said, "are they the
real paintings?" And they said "no no we
got this nice man in China to paint them
for us." They did a very good job so they
thought of every every detail like what
sort of silverware what sort of...the
amazing scene in series one where
she's given this little pastel meringue
cookie so they would have thought of
"okay, what are they having
for tea? Would you like a cookie?"
It was a particularly poisonous looking thing so every every detail they've been very mindful of. They
didn't want there to be any
discrepancies so something that wouldn't
be there and in season two they've been very
faithful to the main idea which is
nothing goes in and doesn't have a
precedent in real life, somewhere,
sometime, so they have a research team
