It's been a big thing for me, "Shh."
You know it's so funny how noisy my brain is and
everyone's brain is noisy, it's what it does, it makes thoughts.
The problem is, I think in most of our lives the root of suffering is
following that brain noise and listening to that brain noise and actually
identifying with it as if it's who you are.
That's just the noise your brain makes you know and
more often than not, it probably doesn't have much to say that's going to help you
For Captain America, I read that you turned down the role a number of times, can you explain why?
It was because it was a big commitment,
they wanted six movies,
and you know normally you do movies one at a time
and if one of those movies hits and is a success
and your life noticeably changes
you know your personal life, your anonymity, privacy is affected, you have the opportunity to
stop and regroup and go home and just you know make a decision
from then on how do you want to proceed with your life.
The worry was if this movie hits and there is a lifestyle change, and I don't react well to it
I don't have the opportunity, the luxury to say
"You know guys, I'm good, I think I'm going to go back to doing,
you know, indies or maybe something else, you know maybe in a couple of years I don't want to act anymore
I don't know
It's just, six movies can be spread over ten years
and you're making a decision for a decade and it's not just a decision for you
If the lifestyle changes to a point where your anonymity is compromised,
then it's really not your right to complain anymore.
So if all of a sudden someone in your family is up in a hospital
and you're going in and out every day and someone's taking pictures of you
and you complain, everyone's going to say
"Too bad. You made this bed, sleep in it."
And that's a shame.
And that's a decision you have to make and prepare for,
this isn't - this ripple effect isn't just going to be about me.
And that's scary, you know, you think "Was there another way to
get where I want to get without this?" you know what I mean,
if the strings attached are six movies
That's a scary loss of control that I just wasn't ready to process and so I said no
And I asked every human being in my life what they thought,
and you know everyone said I should do the movie and I did - I said I've gone to therapy,
I went to therapy, I was like "Fine, I'll talk to a therapist, see what they have to say." you know
you know because I do struggle with - I get anxiety about certain things and
press and things like that, you know all those things were tied into
Marvel responsibilities
And it kind of started to shift on me,
it started to feel like maybe the thing you're most scared of is exactly what you should do,
maybe this is actually what you should
push yourself into and it just started to make sense to me that way. And I said "Let's go for it."
And, you know, it was
a bumpy acclimation, it was certainly a
nerve-wracking first couple weeks of shooting as to whether or not I had made the right choice,
but in retrospect, it certainly was.
Oh my God, can you imagine, I'd be kicking myself
My agent's got, you know, a lifetime supply of "I told you so"s after that one.
