If you also go online and just look at the
people that are directly reaching out to you,
it is an avalanche of people that have stories
around the five second rule.
Mel: One of the reasons why I’m so excited
about this book and look you don’t have
to buy the book this is an idea that you can
use it’s free it’s backed by science,
more than eight million people around the
world have discovered it.
You are talking about the number of people
we’ve heard from more than a hundred thousand
people in 80 countries …
Tom: That’s crazy.
Mel: ... that are using this rule.
We know of 11 people who have stopped themselves
from killing themselves using this rule.
Tom: I saw one of those outreaches which is
…
Mel: There is a guy Steve who wrote to us
who was a veteran.
He was suffering from post-traumatic stress
disorder, he boarded a ferry overseas with
the intention to jump over.
He walked over the railing and his inner wisdom
kicked in.
In that moment the five second rule; five,
four, three, two, one counting backwards moved
away from the railing asked for help saved
his life.
His story has inspired countless other people
that have heard me in the speeches that I
give around the world about this one tool.
The thing that’s so cool about this, and
I should tell you the science behind it because
I’m going to be honest with you it is stupid.
Had I ever thought that I would find myself
eight years after discovering it spending
my days telling people about the five second
rule, first of all I would have picked a different
name because it reminds you of the one where
you have to pick up food in five seconds off
the floor.
Tom: Yeah.
Mel: It was my secret weapon this was something
I did, I never intended to tell anybody.
I went from getting up on time and waking
up on time to shaking up my entire life.
Because when you understand the power of a
five second decision and you understand that
you always have a choice to go from autopilot
to decision maker everything in your life
will change.
You will be a different negotiator, you will
different in sales, you will be unstoppable
on the gym because you will realize the amount
of garbage that you put in the way; of your
hopes, of your dreams, of your potential,
of your confidence, of your courage.
