and that was a huge insight for me.
What a lot of people don’t know about me
although I share this on stage and I’m extremely
open about this because this is a topic that’s
really important to me.
The single most profound use of the five second
rule is mind control and I say that as a lawyer.
I will tell you, you can use this stupid trick
to cure yourself of anxiety.
Tom: Yeah I wanted to talk about that, so
you struggled very profoundly with anxiety
so walk us through some nuts and bolts of
how you use the five second rule.
I think, so my hypothesis and he reason we
founded Impact Theory is that the world is
living through two pandemics; the pandemic
of the body which everybody understands because
it’s so visual; being overweight, dying
of diet related diseases such as diabetes.
Because the second pandemic the pandemic of
the mind is invisible people don’t realize
how pervasive a suicide is and I think it’s
the leading cause of death among young men
I mean it’s crazy.
Then that there are ways that they can go
about attacking that and fixing the problem,
so walk us through that.
Mel: Sure I would love to.
First of all I literally have struggled with
anxiety my entire life and anxiety for this
conversation the way I define it is it is
the habit of worrying spiraled out of control.
You may say that you are a worrier that’s
not true you have a habit of worrying.
A habit is a pattern of behavior or thinking
that you repeat without realizing it.
Anxiety happens when that pattern of worrying
about things spirals out of control and now
it starts to marry and manifest itself with
physical sensations too, that’s all that
it is.
I know that I said that that’s all that
it is.
Me personally I struggled with anxiety I think
my entire life, it became quite acute when
I was in my late teens and early twenties.
I became medicated in the middle of law school
I took Zoloft for two decades.
When our first daughter was born who is now
17 the postpartum depression and the cascading
panic was so terrible that not only was I
medicated and couldn’t breast feed, but
I couldn’t be left alone with her.
Tom: Wow.
Mel: When I say you can cure yourself of anxiety
I don’t say that lightly.
