Tom: Who was that?
Mel: Who the, that’s the stupidest … See
motivation is garbage, it’s never there
when you need it ever.
Here is what happened to me and thank you
for wearing the NASA t-shirt.
Tom: Of course.
Mel: It’s a really stupid story.
Tom: It’s a powerful story.
Mel: One night Chris had gone to bed I had
been struggling, we still had all the same
problems.
I we still had the lien on the house, still
facing bankruptcy, still fighting like crazy,
I was still unemployed.
They still hadn’t figured out the solution
yet for the business and I was about to turn
off the TV.
There on the TV there was this rocket launching
and I thought, “Oh my gosh that is it.
I am going to launch myself out of bed like
a rocket ship like NASA right here and launch
me out of that bed.
I’m going to move so fast that I don’t
think.
I’m going to beat my brain.”
Now here is a really interesting point, I
talk a lot about your instincts and inner
wisdom and we can get into this a little bit
later.
A lot of us talk about the fact that you have
a gut feeling, but what all these research
that I’ve done for the book and all the
speaking that I do.
What I’ve discovered that’s fascinating
is actually when you set goals, when you have
an intention on something that you want to
change about your life your brain helps you.
What it does is it opens up a check list and
then your brain goes to work trying to remind
you of that intention that you set.
It’s really important to develop the skill
and I say that word purposefully, the skill
of knowing how to hear that inner wisdom and
that intention kicking in and leaning into
it quickly.
For me my brain saying, “That’s it right
there move as fast as rocket Mel,” I wanted
to change my life.
I think most people that are miserable or
that are really dying to be great and dying
to have more; we want to change, we want to
live a better life, we want to create more
for our families, we want to be happier.
The desire is there again it’s about how
do you go from knowledge to action.
The first thing in this story that’s important
is realizing that the answer was in me and
my mind was telling me, “Pay attention.”
Could have also been the bourbon I mean I
had had a couple of Manhattans that night.
Anyway, the next morning the alarm goes off
and I pretend that NASA was there.
It’s the stupidest story I literally went;
five, four, three, two, one I counted out
loud and then I stood up.
I’ll never forget standing there in my bedroom;
it was dark, it was cold, it was winter in
Boston.
For the first time in three months I had beaten
my habit of hitting the snooze button.
I couldn’t believe it and I thought, “Wait
a minute counting backwards that is the dumbest
thing I’ve ever heard in my entire life.”
Well the next morning I used it again and
it worked.
The next morning I used it again and it worked.
The next morning I used it and it worked.
Then I started to notice something really
interesting, there were moments all day long
just like that five second moment in bed where
I knew knowledge what I should do.
If I didn’t move within five seconds my
brain would step in and talk me out of it.
