Oh
This Conor News is a, this is a mess from a lot of different angles you know?
Start at the beginning here, and I'm only I'm only as good as the information
We've got right now, so by the time you guys see this. I suppose it could change, but is Chiesa gonna fight?
I don't know how bad Chiesa is, I called him, straight to voicemail.
I'm sure everybody in the world that knows him has been calling him today. Straight to voicemail,
Apparently glass in his face and some blood was involved. He was bleeding, and
If you watch the video he even says 'I don't want to touch my face.'
Anybody that's ever dealt with glass, you go to rub something, you dig it in a little deeper, so good awareness by Chiesa.
But what's that mean? I'm speculate. What's that mean? Is there glass in his, is his face cut?
Does it go in his eye, and he doesn't even know it's in there yet until he gets to the doctor?
I mean you're dealing with some stuff that a commission is going to step in and
Say the fight's off, if it's anything like that.
So that there it takes one angle, that's not good.
Secondly, on the Conor thing, you know I'm seeing all this--
I don't know a ton about drugs, and I'm seeing all these people saying, 'Oh, he was coked out
He was clearly coked out. You could see his eyes.' I don't know a lot about that,
I looked right at his eyes from the video.
It's not the world's greatest video. I didn't see that, I didn't see what other people saw in his eyes.
I'm not sure where the cocaine comes from,
So let's throw that one out.
But let's look at this a little bit more intelligently. Look, if if you've watched the news for 10 minutes in the last five months,
For eight minutes,
You saw the decision-maker saying, 'We do not want people coming in here from foreign countries that are going to do bad things.' That
Narrative, any channel you want to do it, and this does get forgot sometimes, Conor's a guest.
Conor's working on a, what's it called, a P13 visa, P1C visa (Internationally Recognized Athlete).
Either way,
It's privileged. If he gets some kind of a warrant out,
He gets some kind of arrest where these, are these misdemeanors, and there are a whole bunch of them--
You know, what did I hear? You got trespassing, he wasn't invited to the Barclays Center.
When he and his entourage came, he did not have a media day, so he didn't have a credential somewhere--
He stormed it, so okay, you get to hit him with a trespassing. Got the vandalism, that's pretty clear. You've got assault,
Depending on how bad things go for Chiesa.
He's rattled the lock, I mean you got vandalism, there's a lot of big problems he's gonna face.
Are all of those misdemeanors?
I mean,
I haven't got the foggiest idea. If any one of those is a felony, and I do know as far as assaults go it
Comes down to the level of the injury.
What's Chiesa gonna do?
Is Chiesa gonna just let the commission handle this and try to fight? Yeah, I know him pretty well.
Yeah, that's likely what he's going to do.
But what if they step in? What if they step in and go, 'We don't know about this,
It's too close to call, so we're just gonna scrap it?'
Better bet your ass Chiesa's gonna sue him
Probably gonna sue him anyway. Probably gonna sue him anyway and win.
But if he misses out on this fight,
Has his license at all in jeopardy?
There's gonna be some lawsuits. You know, right now Conor's gonna be grounded, even though
He took private transportation to New York, if there's a warrant out, that plane can't leave the ground.
If there is in fact a warrant out. There's actually conflicting reports on that. Brett Okamoto's come out
And said, 'No the police are still looking into it.'
But it hasn't been official.
So maybe Conor's trying to get to that jet and get back to Ireland, but I'm gonna tell you right now,
If he pulls that move, coming back into the states is going to be a problem until he can get this to go away.
And I don't know how long it lasts. I don't know how serious anybody wants to get about it.
I mean you never know, right?
I don't know. Does the bus company want to file a suit?
Does Barclays wanna file a suit? Does the UFC want to file a suit? Does Chiesa want to file a suit? Is Chiesa the only one that's injured from this?
It's all speculative, but it does go to a much higher level. I mean, that part of the story gets forgotten really easy.
That Conor does not have a right to be here.
It's a privilege, and he does have to have the paperwork in place. So I just think there's a lot more to this,
Could complicate things,
We'll see where it goes.
