Most people die because they're in a genetic program
that
If you were truly living completely in the present moment all of your attention and energy were in the present moment
Then you would be out of the program. Yes or now
Where are you? I didn't want to lose contact
So it would make sense then that when your body is programmed into a predictable future based on what you've did in the past
then it's it's almost like a
Predetermined destiny yes or no
Another way to say it is you're rushing to your death. I
Don't know how else to say that you get it. So
imagine as I said all week so far the genes that have been
Signaled and certain genes are more hardwired than others and when you notice that tendency when you're at home
and you want to get up and start your day and you got emails and and you just go ho ho wait a
Second and you come back to the present moment. That's unnatural
That goes against the program and people lose their free will to a program and all of a sudden now
The will is getting greater than the program and they're literally changing a line of time. That's what we're doing
Are you with me still? Come on?
so
There's not a lot of evidence that shows that people can be immortal and yet there's an immortal gene
Cancer cells have the immortal Jean signaled a lot of times
So then your will to live has to be greater than your fear of dying
Are you with me still?
so then if there's an immortality gene then on some level it has to be selected and instructed yes or no and
There are fables whether you believe them or not
Historic figures charismatic leaders spiritual being that have overcome death. Are you with me still now?
I'm sure here we go. My mother's gonna love this. I'm sure that Jesus, you know the night before his crucifixion
I'm sure he wasn't saying man. I'm just not up for this. I got a headache. I'm a little anxious. I'm a little worried
He took it on because that was his initiation
But I came across a book many years ago series of books called the life and teachings of the Masters from the Far East
Have you read that book? I can tell you have and
It was about a researcher named beard Spaulding who went to the Himalayas and
He was looking for the Masters in the in the Far East
And I was just in my early 20s
and I don't know I guess I was just
Hot pursuit of all of that and I read the book I couldn't stop reading it
I've read them and once and twice and three times because these were the masters that that really
lived in the Himalayas
they didn't need to be in social consciousness and
They they would appear in one place and disappear and the guy would they would all trek across and then the guy the guy who?
Would trek across for two days and the other guy would already be there
And so I just took my light body over there. I'm just laying down at home
You know, I'm sort of going. Wow. What is this now?
It would require then
someone
Who has actually accomplished it?
to be able to teach it because they would know the journey yes or no, and it would have to be
ascending to greater greater levels of energy and when
theoretically when all that energy is sitting right in that pituitary gland and
All that Energy's in your brain, you know of all the historic figures of the light around their head
I mean, that's that's when you're transcendent
Your divinity is greater than your humanity. Are you with me still so theoretically there is a
There's a gene for immortality, but it's got to receive the right signal now. I don't think
That signal is going to be chemical just saying
That the 98th and a half percent of all those genes that couldn't be selected and instructed
My theory is it's going to have to become acted by
electromagnetism a greater frequency than matter because it makes sense then a
coherent signature of energy is not there's going to be greater to change manner than matter changing matter chemistry is
slow frequency of matter changing matter are you with me still and there's little antennas on receptor sites that pick up the
Frequency of the chemical as gets closer and then and then the the flower just kind of changes and and there's a lock-and-key
Phenomenon that goes on this preparation will match but it's very slow frequency, but the receptor sites on the outside of the cells
Happen to be a hundred times more sensitive in some references 200 times more sensitive to electromagnetism than to chemistry
Are you with me still? So Nature has the principal called endowment?
