type of emotional reality with so much creativity."
I think it's the greatest creative challenge
of my life.
I think that grieving Rayya has been the single
greatest creative challenge of my life, and
I've taken it as a creative challenge.
Look, your whole life is a creative activity.
People who say, "I don't have a creative bone
in my body," it's like you've... did you not
choose the person that you married?
That was an act of creativity.
You had a creative vision of your future when
you met this person.
And you came together with them and you two
are creating that, that's creativity.
Everything that you decide, everything that
you surround yourself with, everything that
you make is creativity.
And grieving requires enormous creativity
because, so for me, I just see it as a massive
cosmic riddle at the mythical level.
What am I supposed to do with this?
This is the one person in the world, you heard
me say this, the one person in the world I
ever felt safe and seen by and that person
is not here anymore.
That's interesting.
What am I now going to do?
How am I going to create safety and the feeling
of being seen when in a Rayya-less world?
Interesting challenge.
How am I going to do it?
And I'm living into that question every single
day since her death because I believe in a
benevolent universe.
And so in my universe, it can't be the story
is we took away from you this thing and you'll
never find it in anything or anywhere else
on earth.
This is the only place it could ever be.
That is so unbearably cruel and impossible
for me in my world.
Because in my world, it's only abundance and
giving.
And so, I was given Rayya and now I'm given
the challenge of who I'm going to be in the
post-Rayya world.
And that requires awakeness, an alertness
and a sense of adventure, too.
And the thing I keep throwing out there because
I think it's the singular most daring possible
radical thing that I could say.
And I say it almost as a challenge and a prayer
to any of you who are in grief, the puzzle
that I'm also sitting with is this.
There was a life that I could only have with
Rayya and that life is no longer available.
And there is a life that I can only have without
Rayya and that life is just beginning.
And it's a life I could only have without
her.
There are things that I could only do without
her, that if she had been alive and in the
world, I wouldn't do.
There are relationships that I can only have
now that she's not here.
There's a whole changed world without her.
And I'm equally fascinated by what that one
is.
And I think the real sense of creative adventure
is for me to say yes ahead of time to the
new one.
And say, "I don't know what it is yet, but
I'm in.
I'm in.
Show me and I'm game."
And I'm willing to believe that it's my destiny
to have just as beautiful a life after her
as ahead with her.
I'm going to go to a Facebook post that you
wrote a few years ago.
