Hello Brains!
I forgot to pay my health insurance bills, so I couldn't get my meds this month.
Yes, I could've paid the hundreds of dollars out of my pocket, but that's a lot of money!
And besides, it's just a couple of weeks.
No big deal!
I could do this!
I'm How To ADHD!
*Music*
Okay, so two weeks without medication means more coping strategies
Luckily, I know a few ;)
I've been meditating almost daily for *pauses* a month and a half.
Going off meds this time (because, yes this has happened before) was way easier than it's ever been for me.
I started to see how I could manage without them.
I kept meditating, even though it was harder to sit still.
I made lists!
Although, I kept forgetting where I put them.
I updated my schedule every day, and I tried to stick to it!
Even when I didn't feel like it.
I exercised even though all I wanted was a nap!
I used fidget toys (when I could find them).
When I noticed how much I was eating
(Because, yes, wanting to eat everything in the world is something that can happen after going off ADHD meds)
I stopped eating simple carbs to curb my cravings.
Protein is better for the ADHD brain anyway!
Totally avoided red dye #40.
*chuckles* Just in case.
And, they helped!
They cured my ADHD!
No, I'm totally joking.
Everything was still harder.
And writing, organizing my thoughts?
Nearly impossible.
I missed that feeling when the meds begin to take effect.
When to-do lists don't seem so daunting.
And focusing suddenly becomes easier.
Like putting on glasses and realizing you can see without squinting.
I missed wanting to do something and being able to sit down and do it.
Because I couldn't,
I tried and I really couldn't.
I kept trying to sit down to work,
but my brain just was not cooperating.
So finally, when I REALLY needed to write something
or there would not be an episode this week,
I decided on an experiment
which I posted on Twitter.
From the time I woke up one morning, I did NOT sit down until I was ready to write.
I vacuumed.
I did laundry!
I ate
I flossed
I took out the trash and walked the dog
until my legs were tired enough and my brain was awake enough
that I felt like I could do it,
I could sit down and write.
I took about three hours,
But THEN...
I would love to sit here
and tell you that this is what I wrote after fighting passed the fog of being unmedicated,
After CONQUERING my ADHD,
BUT IT'S NOT!
And I didn't.
I did write it that day,
but only after trying to write a different episode.
Never finding my usual flow,
getting frustrated at not being able to make sense of the jumble of thoughts on the page in front of me,
and getting distracted by everything!
And then remembering I had a backup stash of medication and taking a pill.
I took a pill,
And it worked.
And I started to write.
And I felt so ashamed about it!
I didn't want to admit to myself, or to anyone else, that I couldn't do this without my meds.
Which is why I decided to make a video about it and admit it to as many people as possible.
There is so much stigma against taking ADHD medication.
And even though I know better,
I'm not immune to feeling like I should be able to cope without it.
We all get messages from people offering "alternative solutions"
even within the ADHD tribe
We deal with having to get a new prescription every month
because ADHD meds are considered a controlled substance.
And health insurance providers make us get special permission from our doctors
explaining why we're still taking it even though we're not children.
Nobody tells a diabetic they shouldn't use insulin.
But there's an entire world out there that will tell you that
if you use ADHD meds, you're just not trying hard enough,
or should be doing something else instead,
That if you still need them as an adult, there's something wrong with you.
That if you give them to your kids that you're taking the easy way out
or "drugging them" because you aren't dedicated enough to find a "better solution.
So I am here to tell you,
it's not true!
Medication isn't the whole solution;
But if you have ADHD,
There is nothing wrong with taking the medication YOUR doctor prescribes
to CORRECT the neurotransmitter deficit in your brain.
There is nothing wrong with providing the most effective ADHD treatment available to your kids.
And,
there's nothing wrong with choosing not to take it either!
Everybody is impacted by ADHD differently.
So there is no "one size fits all" solution,
and anybody that tells you there is,
is trying to sell you something. *cash register noise*
Let's not judge,
ourselves or anyone else, for their decision of treatment.
If you decide not to take ADHD medication,
don't make those who do feel bad about it.
If you do take it, don't judge those who are looking for another way.
And while we're at it; If you're successful managing your ADHD,
don't criticize someone who's still trying to figure it out.
And if you're the one who's still struggling,
don't be hard on yourself for not doing as well as somebody else is.
We get enough judgement from the rest of the world without judging each other,
or ourselves!
We're all in this together.
We're all part of the same tribe.
So remember, ADHD is on a spectrum.
The severity varies from person to person, and also depends on environment,
and a ton of other factors.
So it's totally possible that you do know someone who's ADHD was manageable with diet and exercise alone,
and that person might even be you,
But that doesn't mean it's enough for someone else,
and it doesn't mean they haven't tried.
Believe me,
I have.
That's it for this week.
Please, share this video.
It's rare that we ADHD-ers get to hear that it's okay that we need treatment
because honestly, negativity is what goes viral.
But sometimes,
we need the reminder.
I know I did.
If you like this episode, subscribe.
And if you love this episode and wanna help me make more,
consider donating to my patreon page.
Like these brains did!
Thank you to all my patreon brains for your support.
I really couldn't do this without you.
Especially when I run out of meds.
I'll see you next week.
Bye Brains!
Question time:
Tyler Woody asks: "What are the alternative forms of medication?"
