Because I know you also teach writing.
What do you say to your students, and od you
come across that a lot?
People wrestling with how much can I tell?
I don't want to violate someone’s trust.
How do I navigate this?
I think that that’s up there with the top
questions that people ask me and that they
struggle with.
Yeah.
I’m gonna quote a friend of mine, the writer
Andre Dubus III.
I was with him on a panel in Aspen a couple
of years ago, and somebody asked him that
exact question.
Because he wrote this memoir called Townie
about his very difficult childhood and his
brother was being sexually abused by a teacher
of his.
And the parents were nowhere to be found.
And Andre said -- and this person was asking
him, “How can you feel okay about that?
What right do you have to tell your brother’s
story?”
And Andre said, “When I would come home
to my empty house with no parents and I would
hear the sounds coming from the closed door
to my brother’s bedroom, what I heard on
my side of that closed door was my story to
tell.
And what was happening to him on his side
of that closed door is his story to tell.”
And I thought that was a beautiful evocation
of that, because we don't live in a vacuum.
We don't live, you know, our lives without
being touched and touching other people.
And so in order for me, for example, my memoir
Slow Motion.
When I finally really was ready to write the
story of what had happened to me and my family
not in a fictionalized version, which was
what my first novel was, but as the true story
that it needed to be, my mother was still
living.
I worried that some of what I was writing
would hurt her.
I wrote it as if no one would ever read it,
even though I had a book contract.
And I told myself that I could change my mind,
which was not really true.
I mean, I’d spent the money.
I wasn’t gonna give the money back to my
publisher.
I -- but I had to feel like I could give myself
permission to write whatever I needed to write.
Because until -- the writing is a process
of discovery.
And until you discover what it is that the
story really is, what it is that you need
to put down on the page, you’re short changing
yourself because you don't even know what
it’s gonna be.
And you’re censoring yourself before you’ve
even begun.
