But that’s another subject.
Okay.
So you’ve shared something I love.
You said, “You have to believe in yourself
before the world believes in you as a writer.”
And then you and I had this epic coffee talk.
Which, by the way, everyone listening, if
you hear a little something in the background,
we’re in New York City and they all do construction
in New York City.
So don't worry about it.
But back to our epic coffee talk.
This distinction between confidence and courage,
we’ve gotta talk about this.
Because so many people feel like they need
to have this ultimate confidence in themselves
as a writer or as an artist before they do
anything meaningful.
Yeah.
I think the permission to refer yourself as
a writer before the world has gotten on board
is one of the most challenging things I think
for writers starting out.
I remember when I was a young writer writing
my first novel living in New York City, and
I would constantly be asked, “So, what do
you do?”
And I would say, “I’m a writer.”
“Oh, have I read anything you’ve written?”
“Well, not yet.”
And then a couple of years later, you know,
and I just dread that question.
And then a couple of years later I had this
first novel, it was coming out from Double
Day, and I was looking forward to that question.
Like, “Oh, what do you do?”
“I’m a writer.”
“Have I read anything you’ve written?”
“Well, actually, I have a first novel that’s
just come out from Double Day.”
“Is it a bestseller?
Is it gonna be a movie?”
So one aspect of this is that like if, you
know, the goalposts continue to change and
change and change.
So the idea of ever waiting for the world
to grant you permission in some way is just
-- it’s a waste of energy and it’s a waste
of emotion and of time.
Because one of the things about setting down
words on the blank page is the world is never
waiting for whatever it is that you’re gonna
produce.
The world is not saying, “We need this book.
That doesn't happen.
So you -- so it requires this sense of urgency
about something that has to come from an internal
place.
But I think in terms of confidence and courage,
you know, we’re talking quite a bit about
like, you know, honesty on the page and fear
of betraying others or betraying trust or
all of that.
There is a kind of -- I think people mistake
confidence and this idea of what that’s
supposed to look like.
What that looks like on social media, what
that looks like on television, what that looks
like in our culture, with what it really takes
to do the work, which is courage.
It’s not the same thing.
Courage is facing your fear and doing it anyway.
Confidence can really be this kind of like
overrated mask for insecurity.
Yes.
